good yes yes yes illusion I think that we
do all
the first home game in particular is
very nice to come back after that time
I did not know if I was going to be here or not and
happy with the desire to start and that we
go very well in the first game and
throughout the season at home we
it was difficult I think to go in with the
4-1 is always complicated with a team
that usually has the position and there was
much chance to touch the ball or
of having options to create danger myself
I think it was difficult you can not get out
a conclusion
important in this game
and good now that we will have to do better
the things I do not personal I find
very well
every time I am much better and willing and
available to the coach to
anything if I forgot because the
long league we can not stay thinking
in a game obviously
to me as no one of the team we like
lose and it always tastes bad
and he made us home with 5 goals but there
that pass page you have to work for
that does not happen again and on Saturday
start with a good foot at home and hopefully and
we can get the three points and already
I'm fine, I 'll have everything
normal and I feel very well and now it's going to
be the coach's decision if I do everything to
play 90 or less and not play I think that
I am already at the orders of him and what he
consider what is best for the team
that we're going to do if the idea is that
continue like this or always improve every year
you start with the illusion of doing better
the things that the year that happened today that the
intention to work hard to
overcome in all aspects what is
did last season and
and doing things well help the team
as much as possible and have the people
happy hopefully and follow
happy with my job to follow
enjoying and I'm going to work for that
I think so much so I do not think that in
Overall the team has created expectations
good and we like that because people
values ​​our work sees us from a
positive way and that always motivates
to the whole group to try to do it
very good shape and that follow the people
enjoying supporting and together we can
do something important no no I did not notice
in that but hopefully and it will touch the people
enjoy many goals this season
and that follow that affection that we have mutual
the hobby and I, because that will have to
say the coach obviously the
people
always everyone has their tastes will want
let him play whoever he thinks is best
but I think that every one has to do his
work in that aspect is mountain the one
decides who are the ones who play and there are
to respect and who has to be
inside
and take advantage of the opportunities that will
be difficult with so many good players
there is in the template and there is no other
to work hard and take the team
ahead
yes many I think that
last year already the way with the
additions that were made this year are
two but of great quality and that makes
the team has more competition but that
it's good because we know that the one
play is going to do well and not
we depend on few players no no no
I feel happiness for my companions
for my country because I think that people
Mexico enjoys when we enjoy the
achievements of the selection and there is no more
to congratulate the people who were there
who made a great paper that brought out the gold and
I as an amateur enjoyed it as much as
any Mexican who was watching the
Olympic games we have also started
and analyze the start, I think
tomorrow but I think it 's a team that
It's going to be complicated because always
what
they climb the first vision they come with a lot
very hungry with desire to show that
can be in this in this league and I think
it will be a tough game must
work very hard as we do with
any team and always respecting the
rival
and do what we know and believe
what can we do
and do things do good things